✨(project) tool base with a Docker compose configuration (#1)
openfun/learning-analytics-playground: README.md

# Learning analytics playground

## Description

This tool is a first draft of connecting an LMS interface to a Graylog server to create a dataset 
of learning logs.

It is intended to be used locally. 

> Currently, it is using LMS from OpenEdx and the FUN's release of dogwood.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to openfun/openedx-docker?

```suggestion
Currently, it is using OpenEdx's LMS service (with the fun-flavored dogwood's release).
```

Author: Good idea

> ## Starting with the tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```

- Clone the current repository.

- When using the tool for the first time, you need to run migrations. Run the following command:

```
make migrate
```

The tool is now ready for use ! :rocket:

> ## Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

### Run the learning analytics playground tool

The whole learning tool (both LMS and graylog servers) are launched in one command. 

1. Run the following command:

```
make run
```

2. When connections are established, you can access:

>     * the LMS server on `localhost:8072`
>     * the Graylog server on `127.0.0.1:9000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * the LMS server on [localhost:8072](http://localhost:8072)
    * the Graylog server on [localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000)
```

### Configure an input on Graylog interface

> 1. Access Graylog interface with admin/admin credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access Graylog interface with `admin` / `admin` credentials.
```

# Learning analytics playground

> ## Description
> This tool is a first draft of connecting an LMS interface to a Graylog server to create a dataset 
> of learning logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description

This tool is a first draft of connecting an LMS interface to a Graylog server to create datasets
of learning logs.
```

It is intended to be used locally. 
Currently, it is using LMS from OpenEdx and the FUN's release of dogwood.

## Starting with the tool

1. Clone the current repository.

2. To activate settings for the `dogwood` release used in the project, run the following command:

>     ```bin/activate```

Reviewer: Code can be written without indentation but using triple back quotes notation :

```suggestion
'''
bin/activate
'''
```

__nota bene__: the previous suggestion does not have back quotes but quotes, 'cause I cannot escape them :stuck_out_tongue:

> 3. Follow the written instructions. 

Reviewer: Outdated?
